The National Weather
Institute forecasts a lot of rain
and heavy winds this week,
with potentially worrying consequences
for the country,
and heavy rain already falling
this afternoon
and strong and weak winds
impacting agriculture in western Brazil.
The data collected over the last five days
confirm a significant volume of rain
in southern Brazil as well.
Satellite images indicate…
Private Number
Hello?
Hi, Paula.
Today's the day.
I've already told you to get lost,
you son of a bitch!
RESTAURANT
Hello?
Are you open?
- Can I help you?
I'd like a coffee, please.
Drip or espresso?
Drip.
That fog's pretty intense,
and you're soaking wet.
I wouldn't head out right now.
I'll drive really slowly.
If I were your mother,
I wouldn't let you go.
You don't know my mother.
Thanks.
Sorry, mister.
Kitchen's closed.
Water.
Tap water.
Sorry!
Your call
is being forwarded to voice mail
and will be subject to charges
after the tone.
Your call is being forwarded--
Your call is being forwarded
to voice mail
and will be subject to charges
after the tone.
What's the matter?
It's Lúcia.
Her phone's been off-line since yesterday.
That's normal.
She'll show up soon enough.
Relax, Paula.
Lúcia went to college abroad
so that her mom would stop nagging her.
Good morning.
Good morning. It's this way.
Just climb the stairs at the end.
I had a nightmare about her.
Forget it. It's just a dream.
I don't know. She was…
It was horrible.
FORENSICS
- You fell asleep at work again?
- So what, Camila?
If you sleep surrounded by dead bodies,
what else are you going to dream about?
There's something else.
What?
Those strange calls.
There was another one yesterday.
Didn't you block that number?
I did, but they called from another line.
They always do.
Forget it. Let's head in and see
what kind of mess we're dealing with here.
CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATOR
Another newbie?
Well?
I think you'd better see for yourselves.
Hmm.
Look at this.
Look here.
- Ready?
- Mm-hmm.
Holy shit…
Creepy fucking place,
huh, Marques?
Son of a bitch!
What is it?
She was alive when she was cut.
- How do you know?
- There's scarring here. Look.
Is this all of it?
No.
What?
Open that up, Marques.
Want to throw up?
Holy fucking shit.
Watch out.
What a sicko.
Any leads?
Leads?
We've already caught the psycho.
He's out in the squad car,
thinking about what he's done.
Anonymous tip.
- He was passed out in here.
- Here?
Tied up. Hit in the head.
Someone must have knocked him down
and fled to avoid getting fucked up too.
It doesn't make sense.
Does anything make sense here?
- Are you sure it was him?
- Blood on his hands,
under his nails, on his face,
on his clothes.
But you two still need to confirm it.
Hello?
Yes, it's me.
Yes, I know where that is.
Hey!
Yo! What's wrong? Paula?
- Paula! What's wrong?
I have to go.
Go where?
We haven't even started here yet.
- What's the matter?
- It's Lúcia!
Take care of this crap! I have to go.
CANGALAN FARM
Listen, Camila.
I need these bodies analyzed
as soon as possible, okay?
Okay. And I need a cigarette.
Do you have one?
Here.
I still have some gum.
It has nicotine. Want one?
I want to know about Paula.
WELCOME TO WHITE MIST
Handle that. It's the victim's mother.
- Calm down, ma'am!
I'm sorry, but you can't go any further.
Paula?
I'm Dr. César Schultz.
I'm the director here at the White Mist
criminal psychiatric hospital.
What's this?
What's this? Let me go!
Let me go. I need to get out of here!
I'm afraid you can't do that yet.
I need to see my daughter.
Let me out of here! Let me go!
You've suffered intense trauma.
And you attacked police officers
extremely violently.
The police brought you here
because you endangered their lives.
That's right.
Are you aware of what happened?
Your daughter died…
in a car accident.
You had a severe breakdown.
A dangerous one.
We're taking care of you.
My daughter's not dead!
Let me out of here!
Let me out.
I need to see my daughter.
I need to see-- I need to see--
Uh-uh.
Take it.
- Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
- It'll do you good.
If you don't take this,
we can't let you go.
Do you understand?
It's for your own good.
I'm on your side, Paula.
- That's it.
That's it…
I'll go ask someone to let you go.
PUBLIC PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE
Manoel de Almeida
Spanish consul.
Before long,
we'll know whose bodies those were.
There's a shitload of press out there.
There'll be articles about this all over.
We have two options.
Option one…
you tell me why you did this
and where the rest of the bodies are.
You'll get screwed in jail,
but we can make your life a little easier.
You've got a few screws loose, don't you?
Well, there you go.
We'll whip up
some fucking insanity plea bullshit.
In a few years, you'll be free.
You'll go to Spain,
eat paella, drink sangria,
play with your grandson Juan Carlos
or whatever.
Hmm?
Option two…
you make things difficult.
You sit there quietly
and don't say one fucking thing.
And then things will fucking suck.
The press will want to eat you alive.
A lot of people will want a piece of you.
You can forget about Spain.
You can forget about paella,
forget about Juan Carlos.
At most, you get that fucking prison food
that tastes like dried shit.
For the rest of your life.
How about it?
Want to work with us here?
Your call is being forwarded…
Fucking hell, Paula.
What?
Paprika.
- What?
- The lab results you requested.
Paprika?
And sodium too, Camila.
Salt.
Marques.
The son of a bitch ate them, Marques.
- What do you mean?
- Cannibalism.
Your call
is being forwarded to voice mail…
More work, Chico?
Can't you see I'm on my own here?
What's up?
They're saying it's Paula's daughter.
Ready? Okay, ready in three, two…
We're waiting here at White Mist
for the arrival of the Spanish consul…
…to cover one
of the most brutal cases of all time.
…treated with violent methods
and died here.
The hospital opened in 1949
and was closed for 30 years in 1970.
In the 2000s,
it was reopened by Dr. Schultz…
CONSUL CASE
What now?
Did you see what's happening?
Relax, Seixas.
The press is always like this.
They just want a bit of a show
to satiate their ignorant audience.
What should I do, sir?
Curiously, Almeida has been
Dr. Schultz's patient for over five years.
You take care of the press.
I'll take care of Almeida.
I need to understand
what happened to my patient.
The police have not yet
been able to determine
the exact number of victims involved
in this brutal crime.
I want to talk to Paula Costa.
Seixas.
Relax. Good afternoon.
I'll answer your questions.
Consul Almeida is not here yet,
but he is expected here at the hospital.
- What's the diagnosis?
- We are not able to answer that yet.
- Who will be treating him?
- Dr. Schultz himself.
But he treated him for years,
failing to see that his patient
was potentially a cannibal.
- Well…
Folks! That must be the consul's car.
Wait! You can't go there!
Paula, you need to rest.
Just give us some time. We'll be quick.
I dreamt that…
I had a bad feeling…
I didn't do anything.
There was nothing you could have done.
It was just like what happened
with my parents.
It's not your fault, Paula.
But it's different now.
Did you see Lúcia's body?
I did.
They didn't let me see it.
- They didn't even let me get close.
- Nor should they.
- I'm not leaving this place anytime soon.
- You are getting out.
I know I'm not.
She has to go.
Marques.
Ask Marques to investigate, okay?
Get some rest, okay?
Camila…
it happened again.
Get some rest.
We are following the arrival
of the Spanish consul to Brazil
here at the White Mist
psychiatric hospital.
He's accused of being responsible
for the brutal death
of a group of teenagers.
Stand back!
He's not answering any questions.
Almeida! Almeida!
Almeida!
A statement, please, Almeida!
Almeida! Almeida!
Did you commit those crimes?
Here, here! Help me, damn it!
Here, help me!
Marques. I've just been to visit Paula.
It was rough. I need a favor.
You need to take this medication, Paula.
It'll do you good. Do you understand?
Don't forget to drink lots of fluids.
Well done. Good night, dear.
Get me out of here!
White Cedar Restaurant
I told her not to go out, mister.
Was she alone?
She was alone.
- Was there anyone else here? A customer?
- There was.
A tall man wearing a hood.
He looked kind of weird.
- Weird how?
- He had a white eye.
Is that all you remember?
Uh-huh.
Someone, open up!
Open up!
Paula.
What are you doing here?
- He's going to kill me.
- Who?
He was here behind me. He's following me.
It was just a nightmare.
You're safe in here with us.
Come on.
I'll take you to your room.
Look. Everything's all right.
Come on.
Get some rest.